Humans glow in the dark, but it’s too faint to see?	true

There are more calories in a single peanut than in an 8oz steak?	false

Oxford university has been around longer than the Aztec empire?	true

The fax machine was patented in 1843?	true

The oldest living organism on earth is a Galapagos tortoise named Harriet?          	false

The darker the coffee roast, the less caffeine it contains?	true

Crocodiles are capable  of ‘negligible senescence’. In the right conditions, they technically have no limit to their life span?       true
Male octopuses grow an extra arm in a pouch under their eye which is actually a penis?	true

Heavy metal music has existed longer as a genre than blues. Some historians actually believe heavy metal is actually a huge influence on blues?	false

The first game of baseball was played with a dried and stitched head of a wombat, rather than a ball?      false


As far as has ever been reported, no-one has ever seen an ostrich bury its head in the sand.	True

Approximately one quarter of human bones are in the feet.	True

Popeye’s nephews were called Peepeye, Poopeye, Pipeye and Pupeye.		True
In ancient Rome, a special room called a vomitorium was available for diners to purge food in during meals.            False

The average person will shed 10 pounds of skin during their lifetime.	False

Sneezes regularly exceed 100 m.p.h.	True

A slug’s blood is green.	True

The Great Wall Of China is visible from the moon.	False 

Virtually all Las Vegas gambling casinos ensure that they have no clocks.		True

The total surface area of two human lungs have a surface area of approximately 70 square metres.	    True


A man from the USA consumed his 26,000th Big Mac on 11th October 2012, after eating at least one a day for forty years.            True

The longest distance swam underwater in one breath is 200 metres. (6th November 2008)		True

The record for most needles inserted into the head is 15,000.	False

The world’s longest legs belong to a Russian lady and measure 132cm	        True

The heaviest aircraft pulled by a single man weighed 188.83 tonnes and was pulled 8.8 metres.        True

The record for the fastest time to solve a Rubik’s Cube one-handed is 37 seconds       False

The world’s tallest living man is 251cm / 8 ft 3 in		True

The record for the longest rail tunnel is held by the Channel Tunnel between Britain and France?            False

There are crystals in your head, and if you knock them loose, you can become dizzy or ill?		true

Oreo cookies predate chocolate chip cookies by over 25 years?		false


Sir Paul McCartney’s middle name is James? 	False

Jupiter is the fifth planet from the sun.	True

Gillian Anderson was born in Chicago, Illinois.		True

Lithium has the atomic number 17.	False

The Guinness World Record for most fingers and toes at birth is held by an Indian man born with 14 fingers and 20 toes in total.            True

The oldest building in the world is the Pyramid of Djoser in Egypt.	False

Engelbert Humperdinck was born in 1928.	False

Sir Steve Redgrave is the only rower to have received the award of BBC Sports Personality of the Year.            True

Hotmail was launched in 1996.	True

From the ground to the torch, the Statue of Liberty is 93 metres high.	True


There are some wasps that make honey.	True

Marie Curie’s husband was called Pierre.	True

The Lutine Bell can be found in Lloyds of London.	True

Seoul is the capital of North Korea.	False

According to Scottish law, it is illegal to be drunk in charge of a cow.	True

The violent gang of youths in ‘A Clockwork Orange’ were called the ‘Groods’.	False

Danny Jones is a member of the band McFly.		True

In the television series ‘Mork and Mindy’, Mindy was played by Erin Moran.	False

Beth Tweddle won a Silver Medal at the 2012 London Olympic Games.	False

Marie Antoinette was married to Louis XVI of France.	True


UK shops earn more revenue from Halloween than they do from Bonfire Night?	True

In the year 2020, Halloween will fall on a Tuesday.	False

The Celtic festival of ‘Samhain’ marks the end of the harvest season and takes place from sunset on October 31st until sunset on November 1st.            True

Christopher Lee, famous for portraying Count Dracula in Hammer Horror films, was born on Halloween in 1922.            False

Michael Keaton was originally offered Johnny Depp’s leading role in the 1990 film ‘Edward Scissorhands.’            False

Jack MacGowran and Vasiliki Maliaros both acted in the film ‘The Exorcist’ and died in the same year it was released.            True

Stephen King’s ‘The Shining’ was originally called ‘Halloween Hotel’.	False

More of the Empire State building in New York is below ground than above ground?            	false

The national animal of Scotland is the unicorn?            	true

With 19 company headquarters within the borders of the state, Minnesota is home to more fortune 500 companies than any other state?            false


Alliumphobia is a fear of garlic.	True

‘Fauntleroy’ is the middle name of Donald Duck.	True
Henry VIII had an extra finger on each hand.	False

The singer ‘Cher’ was born Cherilyn Sarkisian.	True

Alfred Hitchcock had no belly button as it was removed during surgery.	True

The ‘black box’ in an aeroplane is black.	False

Michael Jackson had a pet python called ‘Crusher’.	True

The distance, as the crow flies, from London to Edinburgh, is greater than the distance from London to Glasgow.            False

Geri Halliwell named her daughter ‘Bluebell Madonna’.		True

Brendan O’Carroll, famous as ‘Mrs Brown’ from ‘Mrs Brown’s Boys’ is the cousin of Kenneth Branagh.            False


There are 259 steps up to the ‘Whispering Gallery’ in St Paul’s Cathedral.	True

The reverse of the Nobel Peace Prize, shows three naked men, standing with their hands on each other’s shoulders.            True

Centipedes always have 100 feet.	False

The world record for a human to hold their breath underwater is 8 minutes 27 seconds.	False

Olympus Mons, Mount Olympus on Mars, is taller than Mount Everest.	True

The world’s oldest known tree is over 9000 years old.	True

A cross between a horse and a zebra is called a Hobra.	False

111,111,111 x 111,111,111 = 12,345,678,987,654,321	True

Muscle turns to fat if you stop exercising.	False

The world’s smallest book is 1cm wide, 1cm tall and 4mm deep.		False


A ‘cama’ is a hybrid which is a cross between a Camel and llama. 	True

Chinstrap and Humboldt are both species of Penguin.		True

Litmus paper turns blue under acidic conditions?	False

The ‘Volga’ is the longest river in Europe?	True

Rarefactions is the phenomenon of light changing direction when it passes through another medium?            False

Hydrogen has the atomic number 1?		True

Zero degrees Celsius is equal to 24 degrees on the Fahrenheit scale?	False

The humerus the longest bone in the human body?	False

Dogs cannot see colour?	False

Abraham Lincoln and Albert Einstein were alive at the same time. Their lives overlapped by 14 years?            false


An emu cannot fly?	true

A Dowager is the widow of a peer or a baronet?	true

Julie Andrews was the original Eliza Doolittle in My Fair lady?	true

Fleas are bloodsuckers? true

Wyoming is on the Canadian border of the USA?	false

Two is a Prime number?	true

Quaker is another name for a Mormon?	false

Top Eastenders totty Wendy Richard is the cousin of top religious singing superstar Cliff Richard?	false

Silly mid on is a fielding position in cricket?	true

Spartacus was a great Roman general?	false


Edinburgh is further East than Carlisle?	false

Kangaroos are only an inch long at birth?	true

Warner Brothers originally wanted Ronald Reagan to play the part of Rick Blaine in Casablanca?	true

The most northerly point on the British mainland is actually named after a Dutchman?	false

Cary Grant and Noel Coward were both offered the part of James Bond in Dr. No?		true

George Washington's body was preserved in a barrel of Whiskey for 32 years?	false

Born in Crew in 1837, George Gascoigne was the great-grandfather of Bamber Gascoigne and the great-great-grandfather of Paul Gascoigne?            false

The Lascar Parrot of Borneo has a venemous spit that can paralyse small rodents within seconds?	false

The can-opener was not invented until 45 years after the tin can?	true

President Theodore Roosevelt's son was called Kermit?	true


The total weight of termites on earth is much heavier than the total weight of humans on earth?	true

The total weight of all the humans on earth is greater than that of all the cows on earth?	false

‘La Isla Bonita’, ‘Papa Don’t Preach’ and ‘Open Your Heart’ are all songs by Madonna?	true

You can go ice skating on the Eiffel Tower during the Christmas holidays?	true

Haem is the iron-containing component that gives blood its red colour?	true

Haddock is the most widely-eaten fish by humans?	false

Lady Jane Grey was Queen of England for just 9 days in 1553?		true

Diurnal is the scientific antonym for nocturnal?	true

The Spanish food ‘Tapas’ literally translates to ‘lid’ or ‘cover’? 	true

‘Crapula’ is the latin word for sickness caused by excessive eating or drinking?	true


Onology is the science of making gin?	false

Gourde, Lempira, Rial, Ringgit, Togrog and Cordoba are all types of currency?	true

The Jabberwocky was slain with a vorpal blade near the Tumtum tree?	true

“I’ll have what she’s having” is a quote from the film Casabanca?	false

The ‘Discovery’ is an ill fated space ship from the film 2001: A Space Odyssey?	true

Putting the spoon handle into the neck of an opened bottle of sparkling wine will help the alcohol retain its fizz?             false

The word ‘graffiti’ is derived from the latin word ‘stylus’? 	true

Corcodile, Alligator, Cayman and Gavial are the only members of the order ‘Crocodilia’?	true

In Italy, the number 33 is considered unlucky?	false

Charlie Chaplin died on Christmas day, 1977?	true


The USSR was officially dissolved in 1989?	false

The Shrine of the Three Kings, a reliquary said to contain the bones of the Three Wise Men, can be visited in the cathedral in Cologne?            true

‘November Sinterklaas’, the Dutch Father Christmas, is said to arrive in Holland by steamboat from Spain?            true

In the 1960’s, the North American Aerospace Defense Command started tracking Santa’s flight path around the world?            true

For chips prepared in the home, nearly 60% are over baked?	true

Fans of wedges are most likely to dip them in ketchup?	false

Valentine Tereshkova was the first woman in space?	true

The first recorded valentine was sent in the year 1300? 	false

Doves mate for life?	true

Part of a Valentine's tradition derives from a Roman festival where boys and girls took it in turns to draw names out of a hat and later got married.            true


Two is the only even prime number? 	true

A group of peacocks is called a parliament? 	false

The African Rhinoceros has two horns on its head? 	true

In the film Fantasia, the Sorceror's name was Yensid?		true

Identical twins have the same fingerprints?	false

Elvis Presley was a black belt in Karate?	true

A rat can survive longer without water than a camel?	true

Charlie Chaplin once won first prize in a Charlie Chaplin look-a-like contest?	false

Rubies and Sapphires are exactly alike except in colour?	true

Donald Duck's middle name is Fauntelroy?	true


Sharks do not blink?	true

All polar bears are left-handed?	true

Westward Ho! Is the only town/city in the UK with an exclamation mark in its name?	true

Approximately 80,000 photographs are taken around the world every second? 	false

Most Eskimoes have fridges?	true

Thomas Edison (who invented the light bulb) was afraid of the dark?	true

Metathesiophobia is the fear of hairdressers?		false

Mickey Mouse made his on-screen debut in the same cartoon as Minnie Mouse made hers?	true

An ostrich’s eye is bigger than its brain?	true

In space it’s impossible to cry?	true


Slugs don’t have noses?	false
Shakespeare’s Macbeth was a real person	true

The first Mickey Mouse film was silent?	true

`Copyrightable` is the longest word in the English language that can be written without repeating a letter?	false

Clinophobia is the fear of beds?	true

In America, on 1st January 2001, over 3700 prisoners were sentenced to death
	True
Taphephobia is the fear of losing your teeth?		false

Puff the Magic Dragon played on Cherry Lane?	true

The 1945 military operation ‘Manna’ was based in Germany?	false

There are 8 countries in the world with nuclear submarines?	false


The American inventor of the deep-freezing process was a Mr Birdseye?		true

Sideburns were named after a prominant wearer, a General Ambrose E Burnside?		true

Scotland Yard was originally the name of a medieval house used by Scots Kings visiting London?	true

The Oxford-Cambridge Boat Race has never ended in a dead heat?	false
The first non-white British MP was elected over 100 years ago?		true

The Queen holds UK Passport No.1?	false

3 times more people were killed in the 1906 San Francisco Earthquake than on the Titanic in 1912?	false

Humphrey Bogart never said "Play it again Sam" in Casablanca? true

A granny, a sheepshank and a bowline are all parts of chimney? false

You can still be executed for certain crimes in England? false


Pakistan and India are neighbouring countries?	true
The 2004 Olympic Games were hosted by Greece?	true

The Titanic sank in the year 1932?	false

Homer Simpson's mother is called Maria	false

An average human heart will have beat approximately 1.5 billion times when it reaches the age of 66 years.            false

The author of 'Alice in Wonderland' wrote under the pen-name Lewis Carroll but his real name was Charles Lutwidge Dodgson            true

Sound travels much slower through water than through air.	false

Murdoc Niccals is the leader of the virtual band Gorillaz.	true

Earthworms breathe through their skin.	true

During the average life of a Venus Flytrap plant, each separate trap may catch over 500 insects.	true


The Great Fire of London swept through the centre of the English city in the year 1466. 	false

The rock band Snow Patrol were originally called Shrug.	true
Some types of seaweed can grow 50 centimetres in a day.	true

The correct name for an eagle’s nest is a ‘watch’. 	false

Walt Disney’s full name was Walter Elias Disney.	true

The seahorse is the only fish with a prehensile tail?	true

Lassie is a female character but has always been played by a male dog?		true

Malta is the nearest commonweath country to the UK?		true

‘James’ was the first name of Officer Dibble in Top Cat?	false

The bestselling American Author Danielle Steel has over 500 million copies of her books in print?	true